DOCS-8448 JSON Web Tokens editor review (#162)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/data-bridge.adoc

API Community Manager components and data objects use Anypoint Platform as their external data source.

== Create a Key Pair

> This key pair will be created in Salesforce and used for communication between Salesforce and Anypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a key pair in Salesforce for communication between Salesforce and Anypoint Platform:
```
Consider providing a context that puts this subtopic in the chronology of the larger task.

. Click *Setup* > *Certificate and Key Management* > *Create Self-Signed Certificate*.

> . Choose a *Label/Name* and remember the name you chose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select a value for *Label/Name* and remember it.
```
Does the user select the name from a provided list or does the user "Create a value for..."?

. Disable *Exportable Private Key*.
. Set *Key Size* to 2048 or larger.
. Click *Save*.
. Click *Download Certificate*.

The public key is saved on your local machine, and you will use it in the following steps.

> == Create Connected App in Anypoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create a Connected App in Anypoint Platform
```
Do not use "shorthand" style, without articles, and never abbreviate Anypoint Platform

. Click *Access Manager* > *Connected Apps* > *Create App*.

> . Choose a name.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY clarify what this means: select from a list in the UI, or create one.

. Enable *App acts on behalf of a user*.

> . In the section *Grant types* enable *JWT Bearer*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the section *Grant types*, enable *JWT Bearer*.
```

> . Copy the public key from the file downloaded in the previous steps and paste it into the public key text area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the public key that you saved on your local machine and paste it into the public key text area.
```

. Set *Website URL* to `+https://login.salesforce.com+`.

> . In the section *Redirect URIs* add `+http://localhost+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the section *Redirect URIs*, add `+http://localhost+`.
```

+

> Connected apps require redirect URIs but this configuration does not use them.

Reviewer: How does this explain setting the URI in this step, then? Clarify.
Why doesn't this configuration use one?
```suggestion
Most connected apps require redirect URIs, but this configuration does not.
```

. In the section *Who can use this application?* select *Members of this organization only*.

> . In the section *Scopes* add *Background Access* and *Full Access*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the section *Scopes*, add *Background Access* and *Full Access*.
```

. Click *Save*.

> You receive a client ID and a client secret. This configuration uses the certificate and does not use the client secret. Save the client ID so you can use it in the following steps.

Reviewer: HOW do you receive this?
Do we mean that the result of clicking *Save* results in the return or display of these?
```suggestion
A client ID and a client secret display. Because this example configuration uses the certificate and does not use the client secret, remember the client ID and continue the task.
```

== Prepare Identity Provider Data

If you do not already have Anypoint Identity Provider (IdP), configure Salesforce as a SAML IdP:

. In *Setup*, search for *App Manager* using the *Quick Find* box and click *App Manager*.
. Click *New Connected App* in the top right.

> . Provide this information in the *Basic Information* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Provide this information in the *Basic Information* section:
```

> .. *Connected App Name*: `Anypoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Connected App Name*: `Anypoint`
```

> .. *Contact Email*: Enter your email address.

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
.. *Contact Email*: Your email address
```

> . Provide this information in the *Web App Settings* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Provide this information in the *Web App Settings* section:
```

Reviewer: This intro is not applicable to ALL the subbullets.
You might have to reword to...:
```suggestion
. In the *Web App Settings* section:
```
and then convert every subbullet to a sentence ending with a period.

> .. Provide the *Start URL*: `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/<your_anypoint_domain_name>+` or the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Start URL*: `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/<your_anypoint_domain_name>+` or the location
```

Reviewer: ...or back to complete sentence.

> where you want users to be sent in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where you want users to be sent in Anypoint Platform
```

+

> You can find your Anypoint organization domain name by clicking *Access Management* > *Organization* and then selecting the root organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find your Anypoint Platform domain name by clicking *Access Management* > *Organization* and then selecting the root organization.
```
This is a "hidden step". I suggest removing it or otherwise finding a way to make it a step.

.. Select *Enable SAML*.

> .. Provide any string as *Entity Id*. This is also the *Audience* configuration in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: Our bullet-list format:
```suggestion
.. Provide any string as *Entity Id*. +
This is also the *Audience* configuration in Anypoint Platform.
```

> .. Provide `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+` in the *ACS URL*. SAML assertions are sent to this ACS URL.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
.. Provide `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+` in the *ACS URL*. +
SAML assertions are sent to this ACS URL.
```

.. Select *Enable Single Logout*.
.. Provide *Single Logout URL*: `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/logout/receive-id+`.
.. Set *Single Logout Binding* to *HTTP Post*.
.. Set *Subject Type* to *Username*.

> .. Set *Name ID* Format to *unspecified nameID format*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Set *Name ID* format to *unspecified nameID format*.
```
Please verify UI labels.

.. Set *Issuer* to *salesforce_org_domainname* (such as `+https://[YourOrgDomain].my.salesforce.com+`).
.. Set *IdP Certificate* to *Default IdP Certificate*.
.. Click *Save*.

> Configure external identity in your Anypoint organization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure an external identity in your Anypoint organization:
```

Reviewer: I think that this should be a separate task and that each should have its own specific "identity" task title.

. In your connected app screen, click *Manage*.

> . Make a note of the URIs under the *SAML Login Information* to use them in the Anypoint configuration in these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make a note of the URIs under the *SAML Login Information*.
```

. Click *Download metadata* and retrieve the public key in the `<ds:X509Certificate>` tag inside the XML file.

> . Log in to your Anypoint organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to your Anypoint Platform domain.
```
GLOBALLY standardize among domain, organization, domain organization, and organization domain.

. Navigate to *Access Management* > *External Identity* > *Identity Management* > *SAML 2.0*.
. Set *Sign On URL* to *IdP-Initiated Login URL*.

> . Set *Sign Off URL* to *Single Logout Endpoint*.

Reviewer: If these are selections, use bold.
If the user types them, use monospace.
GLOBAL, including above.

. Set *Issuer* to match the Salesforce account: `salesforce_org_domainname`.
. Set the *Public Key* to the public key extracted from the `<ds:X509Certificate>` tag in the metadata XML you downloaded.
. Set *Audience* to match the *Entity Id* you set in the Salesforce account.
. Select *Enable new non-SSO users*.
. Click *Save*.

If you already have Anypoint Identity Provider, get identity provider data from your current configuration:

. Click *Access Management* > *Identity Providers*.

> . On *SAML 2.0* click *Edit*.

Reviewer: On what? Is this a section, area, list, tab?
```suggestion
. On *SAML 2.0* <thing>, click *Edit*.
```

> . Copy the issuer and the audience so you can use them in the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the issuer and the audience values [so that you can use them later].
```
Standardize wording throughout.

> == Configure Named Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure the Named Credential
```
No intro snippet leading to steps?

. Click *Setup* > *Named Credentials*.

> . Modify the named credential *anypoint_mulesoft*.

Reviewer: Modify it how? 
Clarify user verb (select, create, per above edits) and use the proper format, also per above.

. Set *URL* to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com+`.

> . Go to the *Authentication* section.
> . Set *Identity Type* to *Per User*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the *Authentication* section and set *Identity Type* to *Per User*.
```

. Set *Authentication Protocol* to *JWT Token Exchange*.
. Set *Token Endpoint Url* to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token+`.

> . Set *Issuer* to the client ID of the connected app you saved previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Issuer* to the connected app client ID that you saved earlier.
```

. Set *Per User Subject* to the following formula.
+

> Replace `IDP_ISSUER` with the issuer from your IdP configuration. Replace `IDP_AUDIENCE` with the audience from your IdP configuration.

Reviewer: ". Set *Per User Subject* to the following, replacing `IDP_ISSUER` with the issuer and `IDP_AUDIENCE` with the audience from your IdP configuration:

+
`"{IDP_ISSUER}:{IDP_AUDIENCE}|" &  $User.Username & "|" & $User.FirstName & "|" & $User.LastName & "|" & $User.Email & "|[\"Community User\"]"`
. Set *Audiences* to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token+`.

> . Set *JWT Signing Certificate* to the certificate you downloaded when you created a key pair in the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *JWT Signing Certificate* to the certificate you downloaded when you created the key pair earlier.
```

. In the *Callout Options* section, enable *Generate Authorization Header*.

> == Modify External Data Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Modify the External Data Source
```

> 

Reviewer: No intro?

. Click *Setup* > *External Data Source* > *Exchange*.
. Set *URL* to `callout:acm_pkg__anypoint_mulesoft/odatabridge/odata.svc/`.

> . Go to the *Authentication* section.
> . Set *Identity* to *Anonymous*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the *Authentication* section and set *Identity* to *Anonymous*.
```

. Set *Authentication Protocol* to *No Authentication Protocol*.

> . In the section *Custom HTTP Headers*, for the *Header Field Name* *X-FirstName*, ensure *Active* is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the section *Custom HTTP Headers*, for the *Header Field Name* *X-FirstName*, ensure that *Active* is disabled.
```

. Click *Save*.

== User Configuration

> Give your user the *Exchange Contributor* role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give your user the Exchange Contributor role:
```

Reviewer: Why?

> . In your Anypoint Platform organization, click *Access Management* > *Users*.

Reviewer: ditto domain vs. org....

. Select your user.
. Click *Role* > *Add role by name*.
. Add the role *Exchange Contributor*.

> Map community user to Anypoint role:

Reviewer: Why?

Reviewer: I think if a task topic has more than one part, they should be intro'd in the first sentence so that the audience knows it ahead of time.
You typically do not want more than one set of steps per task.

> . In your Anypoint Platform organization, navigate to *Access Management* and click *Roles*.

Reviewer: ditto org/dom

> . In *Exchange Viewers*, set a new External group called `Community User` and save it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Exchange Viewers*, set a new external group called `Community User` and save it.
```
"a" = common noun, lowercase
